you know most of the time the guy who
picks the lottery winner doesn't get to
win the lottery how did you end up with
an AMD ultimate Tech upgrade especially
since you already stole one of the
secret shopper PCS not to mention this
TV these dark plates this miniature shoe
this Ikea blanket and this light
that used to be in my house it's a
random draw dude the Bingo ball handler
can win too seriously though what else
could you possibly need your setup is
already sick just some doct to for Petty
and some
decoration and that's not all I see
computer upgrades a home DJ setup wait I
got to admit this was spoiled for me but
you got a gold grill did you carve the
AMD logo into this it's it's only
fitting right does it fit yeah it's
custom
made oh my God just roll the intro
[Music]
I can't believe I missed the most
obvious stolen
merch listen he modeled for it okay he
earned it right the computer may be
stolen but apparently Beggars can be
choosers we're going to be upgrading
this first you want me to put something
on the counter not really it's not my
counter I mean who needs a static safe
workplace when you can bring a static
material and put it
cut this so my landlord doesn't see it
as I mentioned you guys might remember
this PC from secret shopper 3 it's from
Star Forge complete with penis rocket
logo it's not a dick for some reason
it's signed is this because we were
going to give it away or something and
you no that's just for me I'm just
missing Shay's signature so Shay hit me
up funnily enough star Forge was the
only one to use a radon GPU in their
system so we're going to be keeping this
6750 XT and just upgrading our platform
with a ooh
7800 x3d 3D vcash processor this is as
fast as it gets for gaming some ddr5
memory and of course a matching
motherboard sherro um question for you
have you built a computer before like is
that a thing you do or I took the GPU
out once and put it back in cool yeah oh
God we're adding one of those EK aios
yeah Chase won that at the Christmas
party this is like before my time but he
was nice enough to give it to me because
he wasn't using it so thanks J that
Christmas party gift was like the
smartest five grand that EK ever spent
the millions and millions and millions
of views that they have gotten on these
things so if any Brand's watching this
we have a Christmas party this
year while Shard tries to figure out how
to remove the motherboard AMD is giving
three more of these away to some of you
lucky viewers all you have to do is
follow the link in the description to
enter amd's been killing it both with
continuing to sponsor this series that
you guys all love and also giving you
guys some pretty cool gear let's um see
how he's
doing wait you just removed the one
screw that whole time that no that was
good that good you know what you can
remove any cables you want just go for
it just rip them off wait not doing all
the other one you just no I'm I'm
kidding okay I warned you I've never
done this yeah yeah no you're doing
great you just going to like Facebook
Marketplace this or whatever trash can's
right
there you don't have to suck up to AMD I
I know it's Intel all my homies love
AMD in the intro you know how I was like
you know the ball handlers not allowed
to win the Bango or whatever he he he
handles the relationship with AMD for
this series so that's the context there
hi
Ray now for building up the new platform
tell me have you at least ever watched
one of our build videos yes okay
go nice motherboard goes first nice
oh my God wait wait why is there no
socket cover on this motherboard Elijah
I had ask Logistics to do a quick post
test and I guess they forgot to put the
cover on hold on hold on new role play
new role play okay I'm Logistics okay
sherod go ahead Drive the
Bus no I looks fine it looks like it's
fine so normally a motherboard oh here
it is
oh so maybe it was on maybe it just
normally a motherboard comes with a
cover to protect these delicate pins
that are in the CPU socket but somehow
this one came off and it's very easy for
anything banging around in the box or
you know someone accidentally handling
it and mashing their fingers in the
socket to completely mangle it and the
cost is so high to replace that socket
that you might as well just buy a new
motherboard in most cases so that's a
pretty stressful thing I'm not stressed
you're stressed I'm not stressed
Elijah's
stressed nice
haircut don't find out
soon Whoa stop surely you can't put this
CPU in without your AMD Grill in now I
have to confess I don't know much about
grills and Grill culture so you might
have to explain this whole thing to me
you can either get your actual teeth
pulled out and put gold teeth in there
or these go on top of your teeth so it's
they're like retainers made out of gold
I got Sebastian to use the tormac
machine to put a little little tiny tiny
AMD logo on the on the middle tooth okay
um but backing up again the idea behind
a grill is just it looks sick oh wow
it's like like a bit to get on there
yeah cuz it stays on oh my God and how
much are these worth uh like $600 it's
14k gold that's pretty good where where
are they from uh G grills they got ship
from Houston Texas all right okay what
games do you play pegle pegle Deluxe or
pegle extreme pegle kns uh that one I've
been playing Skyrim for 13 years uh nice
I still play it I only got a PC like
this year I used to play on my PS5 yeah
okay uh a lot of Red Dead 2 um cool a
little bit of I think it goes right side
up right oh yeah yeah the right side up
is definitely a plus yeah I see the see
the little arrow nice yeah you got to
give her a little bit on
this boom there you go look at that
there goes the dynamite all right let's
put this back together wow a man after
my my own heart putting things away as
we go and keeping the workspace tidy you
got clean as you go right I'm impressed
I worked in the kitchen what kitchen did
you work in it used to be called uh mags
99 it used to be a KFC Taco Bell but
someone bought it and they started
making real food in it speaking of uh
Fried Chicken here are the
Rams
um see you guys think segueing is easy I
just make it look easy so here's what I
know about Ram just watching the videos
I know you're supposed to go in odd or
even channels one and three or two and
four M two and four are the first ones
it does technically vary from board to
board you know what we're going to check
yo
stickers got little dragons on it oh my
God they do not include a paper manual
with this motherboard we're going to go
two and four it's probably two and four
or Logistics could have lost it
right how's that second bus
Logistics you know Logistics are our
unsung heroes okay they get so little
they get so little time in the sun okay
they do so much for us what is wrong
with you people was that open or did you
open that uh I don't know it might have
been
Logistics doesn't matter which way oh
yeah I'm assuming since that side
doesn't have stickers and it's pointed
to the camera I'm assuming it goes this
way right fun fact I believe he is
actually right that is not how to
Landmark memory um but I have noticed a
pattern that the vast majority of the
time the sticker is toward the CPU
socket which makes it more photogenic it
got to look good yeah would you like to
know how to actually know how to put it
in you just kind of right oh I mean yeah
no I mean how to tell how to tell though
like the notch isn't in the middle oh
one side's long one side's short always
yeah so like you're supposed to line it
up but like no that dude that works yeah
good job guess now is a good time to
shout out the ram since I can so
conveniently read the sticker from this
side DDR 56000 cl30 32 gigs you could
load in lots of Skyrim mods all of them
do you play modded Skyrim uh I have
started yeah since getting a PC it's way
way easier you played like 10 years of
Skyrim without modding it yes let's get
this in the case while we're on that do
you want to do something other than call
out
logistics sure what maybe you could
light some incense actually please don't
I I'm sorry but we got incest here
I this one's called Jamaican girl yeah
also money also where you at
why don't you set up I don't know
where's the DJ setup going to go uh on
the CX CX is part of our upgrade
actually but I know oh we hate Furniture
so I took the liberty of putting it
together beforehand oh perfect okay so
why don't you
that yes
sir at least the logistics kept this
manual that's going to be the running
gag in this video you started it by
driving the bus Glenn I have a task for
you go back to Logistics give them an
opportunity to say their piece after
we're done shooting here okay because
they deserve it they work hard I know
and these guys don't respect it I was in
logistics I was see it was
there just fell off in transit I I
legitimately like I I made a boo boo on
that am I what am I doing wrong here oh
yeah it is tradition to check and make
sure there's nothing under the
motherboard before we uh put it down
there's cables there yeah there's cables
all right I'll give you a hand why don't
you go show Elijah where you want your
DJ stuff I'm just going to get the
motherboard install what even is this uh
this is a DJ controller flx 4 I'm not
like a professional or anything I'm just
going to like have fun at home so this
is like more than enough the cool thing
it has uh smart effects while you're
mixing it helps it's like training
wheels and it also has smart fader so it
bat matches is uh the two decks together
automatically when you're fading in
between songs so and then I also unboxed
this mix five it's actually pretty
useful cuz uh everything's basically
going to go through this cuz this whole
cic is going to be like a like a music
setup because we're going to have so
many things going through the same set
of speakers and subwoofer uh this is
going to bring everything together and
put everything through at the same time
all in one place oh cool okay so we're
going to have that
oh my God Elijah please don't lose those
pieces where' it go
oh that's a sampler uh drum machine
sequencer Allin one type of
thing yeah it looks like Lego it it does
it kind of does especially with these
little little pieces that go on no no
hold on that's the wrong one brother
they're colorcoded another audio Source
a sound Burger yes sir so I saw that
that at CES this year and I thought it
was the coolest thing ever what is it
it's a it's a record player oh I think
they originally released these in like
the 80s or something and they what
records no no I think they've been
around a lot longer since the 80s but
that's
fine that moment when Elijah schools you
about
history got him
he doesn't know anything one anyways uh
they released a very limited number of
them like couple years ago and they sold
out immediately so they kind of made it
a permanent thing in their lineup this
pops
open you got the needle you kind of like
click out you put the record in here and
then this goes on top of the record to
like kind of hold it in place shut it
turn it on oh so it's battery as well
yeah so it has I think it's 12 hours
battery and it has Bluetooth so you can
just like take it anywhere shro I've got
your motherboard in and I've decided
after watching you for a while I'm just
going to keep going that is the smart
choice I would say so why don't you guys
um learn about coffee I used to have a
Express machine before and it was
semi-automatic but it was kind of a pain
in the ass
to upkeep and clean this one's fully
automatic uh it grinds the coffee packs
the shot pulls the shot and dumpster
little puck in a little bin that you can
dump out yourself what is one of these
worth this looks crazy expensive
850 worth it is that Canadian rubles or
is that like Canadian Canadian okay so
like $600 something like that yeah hey
look look who it
is it's Reese from Logistics where your
were your ears burning I guess so so I'm
so I'm told at least who was the one
that did the test boot with this
motherboard I don't I don't know
probably Jamie I assume it's okay so
he's throwing Jamie under the bus okay
it's just Jamie from Logistics then no
these guys are on a team he would never
throw Jamie under the bus he's answering
a direct question why are you forcing
him putting him in this putting him in
this uncomfortable situation pretty
comfortable these fans are going to go
on top again
nope why not uh well I put the EK vardar
ones that came with your AIO in the
front see yeah and then I was lazy but
that's less RGB I want RGB fine was
going to quietly not put them back in
but fine fine fine not on my watch fine
fine fine fine fine fine sorry what what
I'm just checking what is on your watch
oh speaking speaking of
watches oh did you get a new watch I did
oh look at that okay what'd you get I
got the new Apple watch Ultra 2 oh wow
because and hear me out because you just
like throwing money away that and also
the bigger battery because honestly it's
a pain point for me look at that that's
beautiful the Humane pin looks better
wow it's really heavy you shot your
mouth you seem to be over your $5,000
budget uh by like $60 Canadian
Elijah I'll put the sheet on screen oh
we never put the D in there lus is on
lunch it's all
[Music]
you what was
that oh yeah we might need a fan
splitter do you know if lus took one
out okay well just just do your best
it doesn't look the greatest but I think
once it's up against the wall it's
pretty
good of course you're the type of guy
who buy a gold
grill can we drape this across the
front oh it's like almost perfect I
didn't need to do any of that cable
management we could have just hung ice
spice
we're doing the goie TV lights right now
all wish home theater video that we did
at Linus's house we put this on his TV
and I liked it thank you GOI shout out
to Hershey keep this an editor editor
keep this in thank you Hershey yeah you
want to see the Elijah special
Glenn best part about modern cases bro
solid back panel take this off please do
not tell l
he will check it it's way cooler when
it's darker and it's an actual movie
that you're watching but like this is
like pretty cool to like demonstrate it
right these are the headphones I got for
the DJ controller okay so by the
company they make cool uh modular
headphones uh modular headphones yeah
yeah yeah so you go on their website and
basically pick and choose what parts you
want this specific setup was
$140 I don't know about you but I Che
through headphones why I thought that
was cu's job uh we both do okay like
father likees son and the beauty of
these is you can replace the specific
parts so you don't have to get a whole
new set of headphones oh no he just
stabbed the cable with his Cactus
bro oh no it's like in there you know
for $150 you can buy a pretty good set
of headphones these feel super cheap but
I think it's because they have the
modularity to them so I will judge it
based on how they sound but they don't
look over-the toop special it's on
purpose too though cuz uh for DJing you
want something lightweight and like so
you don't like really feel it on your
head cuz you're listening to it for like
hours possibly exactly right so it's
this is like a pretty lightweight setup
and it's like one of their cheapest
setups that they have to and y'all
thought Colin couldn't speak using his
fingers that's crazy
[Music]
damn clearly anywhere CA have to around
LTT
store.com except what is the arody
disc oh those are for his
car oh no you did not get like Spinners
did you I wish I wish I actually did
look for Spinners like really hard but
apparently they don't really make them
anymore in24 remember the old rally cars
that had the little salad spinners on
their wheels mhm the way they worked
they would pull air they would act like
a turbine and pull air through the
brakes to cool them better and the
wheels themselves were designed like
that these are add-ons uh that rotor
form makes I always wanted white Wheels
but I was terrified of washing them this
way I can have white wheels and I I can
just pull them off and clean them that
sits on the wheel yeah and they got
these machine aluminum wao caps W that
go in the middle okay those look kind of
cool okay even I like these woo damn
that's a big
nut whoa watch this you're going to love
my
nuts now that's my generation mem I mean
yeah there we go you're good so just
hold that in place yeah and then do you
want the black one I like no no the
black one doesn't fit do you mean it
doesn't fit because uh the threads are
shorter cuz that one has to go deeper
you know what
shrod I like the way it looked
before yeah cuz you got no taste this
looks really stupid
dude like this looks like you like
didn't take the PDI like sticker off the
wheel or
something looking great is very much you
know an opinion they're like but holes
we all got
one looking great as like butth holes I
mean I'll opinions
opinions in this case I think you're on
to something well I don't know my car
also
exists very
true this man drives around in Barney
and is criticizing my wheels it's a
shame cuz I really like the rest of your
car's look you know what shot maybe in
motion maybe in motions it's bad why
don't you get in get in
[Music]
hey
wobble that's a pretty fine job Elijah
thanks sir yeah it's nice that star
Forge did all the cable management for
you in all seriousness I I cut out most
of it because they had everything
wrapped up so tight back there which is
not a bad thing take this off please do
not tell lonus yeah I did it all back up
as
well why is your awkward energy so high
wasn't one of the things you guys were
going to do while I was at that meeting
cable managing this desk no did you
really just put two cable Ties on here
and call it a day oh that did sherro
really steal these cable ties from the
office no big moment let's see if this
thing still oh who hi hi yeah you forgot
about me I think he thinks I'm also a
dog cuz I'm so yappy I mean you do have
to dog in you AMD 7800x 3D with 3D cash
thanks AMD I'm having a hell of a time
now do a smile show your
grill this is great I'm not complaining
okay fight someone in here all right
here we go no not a guard fight a woman
or something fight someone you can beat
are you even hitting him yeah he's
losing Health you can see it at the top
okay so why don't we play an AMD
certified game here something from the
last you know
decade have you played Halo infinite at
all sure okay I love m Master Chef is it
too late to repo all this stuff
technically no it's technically Still
Company property oh you didn't launch it
so now we get to wait 25 minutes for
shaders to cash Jesus Christ how many
things does it load I'm not getting any
younger
here we might leave a little bit of the
context for that in the float plane cut
lm.
floatplane maybe not I'm not going to
promise it though have you ever played
Halo I was a I was a PlayStation boy so
no
oh you got oh let's go how did you
manage to get a Kill playing like this
do you even strafe bro listen if it
works it works that's your teamate team
don't worry about it there's no friendly
fire so who cares yes there is yes there
is you don't even check Corners brother
don't worry listen has it been
detrimental no dude you march across
Open Spaces you don't even check
anything am I vibing
yes oh my God
hey yeah get wrecked okay what kind of
drink do you want I don't drink coffee
we can do a latte yeah that's coffee so
this is the outro so yeah I'm trying to
understand the point you asked us all to
get on the couch and have mugs yeah well
cuz shro was drinking coffee in the
beginning right so we're just reflecting
on what a nice upgrade this was thanks
AMD upgraded dog upgraded DJ upgraded
car upgraded coffe side car downgraded
car upgraded PC I can't wait for this to
be a 10 out of 10 on
YouTube in our analytics dashboard 10
out of 10 is bad very editor just delete
the
video you can still get AMD to pay
though right yeah yeah all right then
it's fine thanks AMD thanks AMD
appreciate you see you at the next
upgrade guys we didn't throw do you want
to throw to a video oh yeah if you guys
enjoyed this one oh God Matthews
sure that's all you got to say